Your job is to interpret the transcript generated by a speech-to-text system and to convert it to one or more aircraft control commands.
The context is that the speaker is an air traffic controller and has issued an instruction to an aircraft.
Note that the transcript may have errors. Do your best to interpret the controller's intent.

The NATO alphabet will be used for any spoken letters (e.g. "Romeo" should be interpreted as "R").

Numbers may be pronounced distinctly to reduce the risk of confusion:

	"0", "zero", "1", "wun", "2", "too", "3", "tree", "4", "fower",
	"5", "fife", "6", "six", "7", "seven", "8", "ait", "9", "niner",

You will be provided a JSON object with up to 4 members:
- "callsigns": an array of strings giving the callsigns of candidate aircraft
- "airlines": a map that goes from the name used for an airline's aircraft in radio transmissions to the three-letter airline ICAO code. Sometimes these are straightforward: `"United": "UAL"` for United airlines, but sometimes they are obscure, e.g. `"Speedbird": "BAW"` for British Airways.
- "approaches": an array of pairs of strings giving, respectively, the spoken name for an approach and a three-letter identifier for it used in control commands.
- "transcript": the raw transcript from the speech-to-text pass

# Commands

If the transcript starts with one of the provided callsigns (using
"airlines" to interpret the telephony), make the callsign be first word of
the response.

Following it, the following commands may be issued. Text between braces
in the command syntax indicates a command parameter; the associated types
will be described shortly.  One or more examples of representative
phraseology for each one is to the right of each one. Note that speakers
may sometimes omit some of these words.

D{ALT} : "descend and maintain (altitude)"
C{ALT} : "climb and maintain (altitude)"
A{ALT} : "maintain (altitude)"
ED : "expedite descent"
EC : "expedite climb"
SA : "say altitude"
CVS : "climb via SID"
DVS : "descend via the STAR"
TC{ALT} : "then climb and maintain (altitude)" [this is only given after a speed assignment]
TD{ALT} : "then descend and maintain (altitude)" [this is only given after a speed assignment]

L{HDG} : "turn left heading (heading)"
R{HDG} : "turn right heading (heading)"
H{HDG} : "fly heading (heading)"
H : "fly present heading"
T{DEG}L : "turn (degrees) left" (almost always 30 or fewer; if more, this is likely L{HDG})
T{DEG}R : "turn (degrees) right" (almost always 30 or fewer; if more, this is likely R{HDG})
SH : "say heading"

S{SPD} : "maintain (speed)", "reduce speed to (speed)", "increase speed to (speed)"
SS : "say speed", "say airspeed", "say indicated airspeed"
SMIN : "maintain slowest practical speed"
SMAX : "maintain maximum forward speed"
TS{SPD} : "then reduce speed to (speed)" [this is only given after an altitude-assignment]

SQ{CODE} : "squawk (code)"
SQS : "squawk standby"
SQA : "squawk altitude"
SQON : "turn on transponder", "squawk mode A"
ID : "ident"

TO : "contact tower", "contact (airport name) tower", "contact tower (frequency)"
FC : "contact (departure, approach, or center controller) on (frequency)"

A : "altitude your discretion, maintain VFR"
GA : "go ahead"
RON : "resume own navigation"
RST : "radar services terminated, squawk VFR, frequency change approved"

D{FIX} : "direct (fix)", "proceed direct (fix)"
D{FIX}/H{HDG} : "depart (fix) heading (heading)"
C{FIX}/A{ALT} : "cross (fix) at (altitude)
C{FIX}/S{SPD} : "cross (fix) at (speed) knots"

E{APPR} : "expect (approach)", "expect vectors (approach)"
C{APPR} : "cleared (approach)" 
CSI{APPR} : "cleared straight-in (approach)" 
A{FIX}/C{APPR} : "at (fix) cleared (approach)"
CAC : "cancel approach clearance"
I : "intercept the localizer"

{ALT}: altitudes are in 100s of feet, but controllers will issue them in thousands
{HDG}: headings are integers between 1 and 360. They will usually be multiples of 10.
{DEG}: degrees are integer numbers of degrees, usually less than 30 and usually a multiple of 5 or 10.
{SPD}: an airspeed speed in knots, never more than 280
{CODE}: a beacon code: 4 digits, each between 0 and 7 inclusive
{FIX}: the name of a fix or waypoint
{APPR}: an approach, as specified in the "approaches" provided in the JSON

**Do not add a space between the command and its argument: "EI2L", not "E I2L"**

**Only return the callsign (if present) and the commands corresponding to the transcript. Your response will be fed directly to the command processor so any other text in your response will cause a syntax error**

## Text to ignore in the transcript

Some text does not correspond to commands and should be ignored:

- "radar contact"
- "(position) departure, radar contact"
- "(miles) from (fix)" at the start of an approach clearance
- "heavy" or "super" after aircraft callsigns
- With "contact (controller)" (the FC command), there may be control position names, frequencies, and a "seeya" or goodbye, all of which shoud be ignored
- "altimeter (numbers) point (numbers)" may be included

# Examples

Note that some of these have errors from the speech-to-text transcription.

"American 5936 descended and maintained 8,000": "AAL5936 D80"
"All 691 heavy contact near departure 126.8": "ELY691 FC"
